---
layout: post
title:  "Why I Blog (Or, more accurately: Why I don't blog)"
date:   2016-06-12 20:51:32
image: "../../../../../../../images/why.jpeg"
categories: blogging
---

## It's Been Awhile

It's been a long time since I've written a new blog post. A little over a year in fact. I've been very busy in the last year: I started
school part-time to get my degree, began handling more responsibilities at work, and have more recently been looking for an apartment.
The main reason I have not written a blog post in so long, however, is that I not have felt like I have anything to write that would
give benefit to anyone else. This is not to say that I have not been learning in the last year, this last year has probably been the most
educational year I've had. I simply felt that I was not learning anything that other people have not covered in countless other blogs. However,
I've had a change of heart.

### Why I Write Blog Posts

Recently, I've been reflecting on the reasons to write blog posts. Generally, I think people write blog posts because they want to teach
others, or to gain some sort of following or fame. If these are the reasons that I write blog posts, then I would continue to
not write any. I believe that these are definitely the reasons that I have written blog posts in the past, but this is shallow
and leads to months or years without the motivation to write a new blog post because of how little the previous posts have been read.
Now, my motivation is different, though.

This blog is no longer for anyone else, but me.

Wait! That doesn't mean you have to stop reading immediately,
it just means that I'm not going to feel like I have to please you with each lovingly crafted word.

I have always had a desire to write. Books, short stories, blogs, any kind of writing interests me, but I find blog posts to be my favorite medium. When I
created my blog I felt a strange pressure to only write about programming related subjects simply because that is my career, though.
Because of that I have not been writing, for the reasons I have already stated. The world doesn't need another programming blog. I have many other
interests that I partake in on a daily basis and some of them I may want to write about. Since this blog is now for me, I think I will write about them.

### What This Blog is Now

Now, this blog is whatever I feel like at the time. I may write about a section of a book I'm reading that interested me, a really cool level in a game
that I felt was innovative in some way, a new workout that I recently discovered and has shown me a lot of benefits, a new programming trick I discovered.
Truly, I am going to write about as much as possible. In the end, I believe this blog will turn into a diary and reference of some sort. Programming
posts will probably document something I want to be able to find easily in the future. Tutorial posts will probably be written to help me further cement
my learning of a specific topic. Other posts may simply be used as writing exercises to challenge my, albeit limited, writing skills.

To kick of this "Grand Re-Opening" of the blog, I am going to exercise some discipline and actually try to participate in writing more frequently, since
I have always had a desire for it. During this summer I am going to write one blog post per week. It may not be long, it may not be good, but it will be up on
the site fresh and ready to be read. At the end of the summer I can asses if I actually like writing or if it truly was "just a phase".

Thank you for reading this lengthy brain dump of my thoughts over the last few months. I hope you enjoyed it and that you'll check back here from time to time.

Or don't, this blog isn't for you anyway.
